Boss, I was wrong.
I forgot to say goodbye to you. Goodbye boss.
Uncle, hurry up and touch me.
I asked about the money.
Wasn't the money just given?
You fart, I said this is the piece for you.
No, you just said you could give me a piece,
But this is what I cut.
You don't want to default on your debt, do you? Everyone at the scene heard it.
I heard it.
I heard it. I didn't know what you were talking about.
If you want to do this, I won’t give it to you. That's it
Then the uncle ate a piece of cake
You want five hundred yuan
You agreed to give me a piece
You don't know how to keep your words, right?
If you can't speak, it doesn't count.
Forget it, forget it
Well, since this cut cake
Are you willing to send me
How to deal with it
That's my freedom
Come, I'll take you there